# Code of Conduct

BookLiberator is a collaborative open source project and should be
free of harassment for all participants.  We pledge to act and
interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse,
inclusive, and healthy community.

## Our Standards

We request that all participants do their best to abide by following
principles:

* Be respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.

* Give and gracefully accept constructive feedback.

* Accept responsibility and apologize to those affected by one's
  mistakes, and learn from the experience.

* Focus on what is best for the overall community and for the
  projects' stated goals.

While we cannot provide a list of all possible unacceptable behaviors,
below are some that are definitely unacceptable in this project:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or
  advances of any kind;

* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or 
  *ad hominem* attacks;

* Public or private harassment, including but not limited to continued
  communication directed at a person after that person has requested
  that such communication stop;

* Publishing others' private information (including but not limited to
  physical address, phone number, email address, or non-public name)
  without their explicit permission.

In general, conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate
in a professional setting is inappropriate in this project.

## Enforcement Responsibilities

For the purposes of this Code of Conduct, the project's leaders are
defined as the people who have administrative privileges in the
project's online collaboration spaces.

The project's leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our
standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair
corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem
inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

The project's leaders have the right and responsibility to remove,
edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other
contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will
communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also
applies when an individual is officially representing the community in
public spaces.  Examples of representing our community include using
an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media
account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
offline event.

## Confidentiality

All project leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security
of the reporter of any incident.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior
may be reported to [Karl Fogel](https://keybase.io/kfogel) (`kfogel
{_AT_} questioncopyright.org`).  He will review and investigate
complaints as promptly and fairly as he can, and take whatever actions
he thinks are appropriate.

Enforcement may include temporary or permanent bans on participation
in the project community.  Exclusion from the community does not
affect anyone's rights under the code's open source license.

As this project grows, we may appoint a Code of Conduct Committee;
we'll update this section if that happens.

## Attribution

Parts of this Code of Conduct were adapted from the [Contributor
Covenant, version
2.0](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html).
Please note this Code of Conduct differs significantly from the
Contributor Covenant.
